# I'm A Dump - CTF Challenge Writeup

Challenge: I'm A Dump
Points: 10
Category: Forensics

## Objective
The objective of the "I'm A Dump" challenge is to read hidden strings within a file. This challenge falls under the Forensics category and focuses on the analysis of binary data.

## Solution
To successfully complete this challenge, you can choose one of the following methods:

### Method 1 - Using xxd:
1. **Inspect the File**: Begin by examining the file you're given in the challenge.

    ```
    file file
    ```

2. **Use xxd**: Utilize the `xxd` tool to view the hexadecimal representation of the file's content. You can do this with the following command:

    ```
    xxd file
    ```

3. **Locate the Flag**: Scan the output generated by `xxd` and look for the flag. The flag is likely to be represented as a series of hexadecimal bytes.

    ```
    xxd files | grep -i "ctflearn" -C 5
    ```

4. **Remove "huehue"**: The challenge hints that you need to remove the "huehue" string manually.

### Method 2 - Using strings:
1. **Examine the File**: Start by inspecting the file you received in the challenge.

2. **Apply strings Command**: Use the `strings` command to extract human-readable strings from the binary file. You can execute it with the following command:

    ```
    strings file
    ```

3. **Search for the Flag**: Look through the output produced by the `strings` command to find the flag. It may be hidden among various strings.

    ```
    strings file | grep -i "ctflearn" -C 5
    ```

4. **Manually Remove "H"**: As suggested in the challenge, you may need to manually remove the character "H."

The flag format for this challenge is `CTFlearn{XXXXXXXXXX}`, where `XXXXXXXXXX` represents the actual flag you discover through one of these methods.

## Flag
The flag for this challenge is in the format: `CTFlearn{XXXXXXXXXX}`.

You can choose either of the provided methods to solve this forensics challenge and uncover the hidden flag. Happy hunting!
